# RetreiveACreditNoteResponseCreditNote


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**creditnote_id** | **str** | Unique ID of the credit note generated by the server. | [optional] 
**creditnote_number** | **str** | Unique number generated (starts with CN) which will be displayed in the interface and credit notes. | [optional] 
**var_date** | **str** | The date on which credit note is raised. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | Status of the credit note. This can be &lt;code&gt;open&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;closed&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;void&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**customer_id** | **str** | Customer ID of the customer for whom the credit note is raised. | [optional] 
**customer_name** | **str** | Name of the customer to whom the credit note is raised. | [optional] 
**custom_fields** | [**List[CreditNoteResponseCustomFieldsInner]**](CreditNoteResponseCustomFieldsInner.md) | Additional fields for the Credit-Notes. | [optional] 
**reference_number** | **str** | Reference number generated for the payment. A string of your choice can also be used as the reference number. | [optional] 
**email** | **str** | Email address of the customer. | [optional] 
**total** | **float** | Total credits raised in this credit note. | [optional] 
**balance** | **float** | The unapplied credits. | [optional] 
**creditnote_items** | [**List[CreditNoteResponseCreditnoteItemsInner]**](CreditNoteResponseCreditnoteItemsInner.md) | List of items involved in the credit note. This contains &lt;code&gt;item_id&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;description&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;quantity&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;price&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;item_total&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**invoices** | [**List[CreditNoteResponseInvoicesInner]**](CreditNoteResponseInvoicesInner.md) | List of invoices for which the credit note has been raised. This contains &lt;code&gt;invoice_id&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;amount&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**taxes** | [**List[CreditNoteResponseTaxesInner]**](CreditNoteResponseTaxesInner.md) | Taxes associated wit the subscription. | [optional] 
**currency_code** | **str** | Customer&#39;s currency code. This currency code is used in credit notes. | [optional] 
**currency_symbol** | **str** | Customer&#39;s currency symbol. | [optional] 
**created_time** | **str** | Time at which the credit note was created. | [optional] 
**updated_time** | **str** | Time at which the credit note details were last updated. | [optional] 
**template_id** | **str** | Unique ID of the creditnote template | [optional] 
**template_name** | **str** | Name of the default template of the creditnote. | [optional] 
**notes** | **str** | A short note for the credit note. | [optional] 
**terms** | **str** | Terms &amp; condition to be displayed in the credit note. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from ls_zoho_billing_credit_notes.models.retreive_a_credit_note_response_credit_note import RetreiveACreditNoteResponseCreditNote

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of RetreiveACreditNoteResponseCreditNote from a JSON string
retreive_a_credit_note_response_credit_note_instance = RetreiveACreditNoteResponseCreditNote.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(RetreiveACreditNoteResponseCreditNote.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
retreive_a_credit_note_response_credit_note_dict = retreive_a_credit_note_response_credit_note_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of RetreiveACreditNoteResponseCreditNote from a dict
retreive_a_credit_note_response_credit_note_from_dict = RetreiveACreditNoteResponseCreditNote.from_dict(retreive_a_credit_note_response_credit_note_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


