# RetrieveAPaymentResponsePayment


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**payment_id** | **str** | Unique ID of the payment generated by the server. | [optional] 
**payment_mode** | **str** | Mode through which payment is made. This can be &lt;code&gt;check&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;cash&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;creditcard&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;banktransfer&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;bankremittance&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;autotransaction&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;others&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**amount** | **float** | Amount paid in the respective payment. | [optional] 
**amount_refunded** | **float** | Amount that is refund. Refunds are applicable only for payments whose payment_mode is &lt;code&gt;autotransaction&lt;/code&gt;. Refunds would be made to the respective card provided by the customer. | [optional] 
**bank_charges** | **float** | Denotes any additional bank charges. | [optional] 
**var_date** | **str** | Date on which payment is made. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | Status of the payment. It can either be &lt;code&gt;success&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;failure&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**reference_number** | **str** | Reference number generated for the payment. A string of your choice can also be used as the reference number. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | Description about the payment. | [optional] 
**customer_id** | **str** | Customer ID of the customer involved in the payment. | [optional] 
**customer_name** | **str** | Name of the customer to whom the invoice is raised. | [optional] 
**email** | **str** | Email address of the customer involved in the payment. | [optional] 
**autotransaction** | [**PaymentResponseAutotransaction**](PaymentResponseAutotransaction.md) |  | [optional] 
**invoices** | [**List[PaymentResponseInvoicesInner]**](PaymentResponseInvoicesInner.md) | List of invoices associated with the payment. Each invoice object contains &lt;code&gt;invoice_id&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;invoice_number&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;date&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;invoice_amount&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;amount_applied&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;balance_amount&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**currency_code** | **str** | Currency code in which the payment is made. | [optional] 
**currency_symbol** | **str** | Customer&#39;s currency symbol. | [optional] 
**custom_fields** | [**List[PaymentResponseCustomFieldsInner]**](PaymentResponseCustomFieldsInner.md) | Additional fields for the payments. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from ls_zoho_billing_payments.models.retrieve_a_payment_response_payment import RetrieveAPaymentResponsePayment

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of RetrieveAPaymentResponsePayment from a JSON string
retrieve_a_payment_response_payment_instance = RetrieveAPaymentResponsePayment.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(RetrieveAPaymentResponsePayment.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
retrieve_a_payment_response_payment_dict = retrieve_a_payment_response_payment_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of RetrieveAPaymentResponsePayment from a dict
retrieve_a_payment_response_payment_from_dict = RetrieveAPaymentResponsePayment.from_dict(retrieve_a_payment_response_payment_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


