# CustomerResponse


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**customer_id** | **str** | Unique ID generated by the server. This is used as identifier. | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | Name of the customer which will be displayed in the interface and invoices. | [optional] 
**salutation** | **str** | Salutation of the customer. | [optional] 
**first_name** | **str** | First name of the customer. | [optional] 
**last_name** | **str** | Last name of the customer. | [optional] 
**email** | **str** | Email address of the customer. | [optional] 
**tags** | [**List[CustomerResponseTagsInner]**](CustomerResponseTagsInner.md) |  | [optional] 
**company_name** | **str** | Registered name of the company the customer represents. | [optional] 
**phone** | **str** | Customer&#39;s landline or fixed-line number. | [optional] 
**mobile** | **str** | Customer&#39;s mobile phone number. | [optional] 
**website** | **str** | Customer&#39;s website if any. | [optional] 
**is_portal_enabled** | **bool** | Is Client portal enabled for the customer. | [optional] 
**department** | **str** | Customer&#39;s department. | [optional] 
**designation** | **str** | Customer&#39;s designation. | [optional] 
**billing_address** | [**BillingAddress**](BillingAddress.md) |  | [optional] 
**shipping_address** | [**ShippingAddress**](ShippingAddress.md) |  | [optional] 
**currency_code** | **str** | Currency code of the currency in which the customer wants to pay. If currency_code is not specified here, the currency chosen in your Zoho Billing organization will be used for billing. | [optional] [default to 'currency_code chosen in organization profile settings']
**currency_id** | **str** | Currency ID of the customer&#39;s currency. | [optional] 
**ach_supported** | **bool** | Set to true if ACH payment is supported for the customer. | [optional] [default to False]
**twitter** | **str** | Twitter profile of the customer. | [optional] 
**facebook** | **str** | Facebook profile of the customer. | [optional] 
**skype** | **str** | Skype ID of the customer | [optional] 
**notes** | **str** | A short note about the customer. | [optional] 
**gst_no** | **str** | GSTIN Number for the customer. | [optional] 
**gst_treatment** | **str** | GST Treatment for the customer.&lt;br&gt;Allowed values for &lt;strong&gt;&lt;code&gt;gst_treatment&lt;/code&gt;&lt;/strong&gt; : &lt;br&gt;&lt;code&gt;business_gst&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;business_none&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;consumer&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;overseas&lt;/code&gt;&lt;br&gt; &lt;code&gt;business_gst&lt;/code&gt; - For a GST Registered business owner. &lt;br&gt;&lt;code&gt;business_none&lt;/code&gt; - For a GST unregistered business owner. &lt;br&gt;&lt;code&gt;consumer&lt;/code&gt; - For a consumer. &lt;br&gt;&lt;code&gt;overseas&lt;/code&gt; - Customer for whom you export your goods/services. | [optional] 
**tax_reg_no** | **str** | 12 digit Tax Registration number of a contact with Tax treatment as &lt;/br&gt; &lt;code&gt;home_country_mexico&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;border_region_mexico&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;non_mexico&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/br&gt; Consumers generic RFC: &lt;code&gt;XAXX010101000&lt;/code&gt;, Overseas generic RFC: &lt;code&gt;XEXX010101000&lt;/code&gt; | [optional] 
**tds_tax_id** | **str** | ID of the TDS tax. | [optional] 
**tax_treatment** | **str** | VAT treatment of the contact.Allowed Values:&lt;/br&gt; &lt;code&gt;home_country_mexico&lt;/code&gt; (A business that is located within MX)&lt;/br&gt;&lt;code&gt;border_region_mexico&lt;/code&gt; (A business that is located in the northern and southern border regions in MX)&lt;/br&gt;&lt;code&gt;non_mexico&lt;/code&gt; (A business that is located outside MX). | [optional] 
**tax_regime** | **str** | Tax Regime of the contact.Allowed Values: &lt;code&gt;general_legal_person&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;legal_entities_non_profit&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;resident_abroad&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;production_cooperative_societies&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;agricultural_livestock&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;optional_group_of_companies&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;coordinated&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;simplified_trust&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;wages_salaries_income&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;lease&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;property_disposal_acquisition&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;other_income&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;resident_abroad&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;divident_income&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;individual_business_professional&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;interest_income&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;income_obtaining_price&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;no_tax_obligation&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;tax_incorporation&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;income_through_technology_platform&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;simplified_trust&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**is_tds_registered** | **bool** | Boolean to check if tax is registered. | [optional] 
**place_of_contact** | **str** | Customer&#39;s place of contact. | [optional] 
**price_precision** | **int** | The Price Precision of the selected currency for the customer | [optional] 
**unused_credits** | **float** | Customer&#39;s unused credits. | [optional] 
**outstanding** | **float** | Amount that has to be paid to the customer. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | Status of the customer. It can either be &lt;code&gt;active&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;inactive&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**custom_fields** | [**List[CustomerResponseCustomFieldsInner]**](CustomerResponseCustomFieldsInner.md) | Additional fields for customers. | [optional] 
**zcrm_account_id** | **str** | This is the Zoho CRM account id of the customer if the customer is synced with the accounts in Zoho CRM. | [optional] 
**zcrm_contact_id** | **str** | This is the Zoho CRM contact id of the customer if the customer is synced with the contacts in Zoho CRM. | [optional] 
**updated_time** | **str** | Time at which the customer details were last updated. | [optional] 
**created_time** | **str** | Time at which the customer was created. | [optional] 
**source** | **str** | Denotes how the customer was created. | [optional] 
**payment_terms** | **int** | Net payment term for the customer. | [optional] 
**payment_terms_label** | **str** | Text field of payment terms. | [optional] 
**is_linked_with_zohocrm** | **bool** | Set to true if linked with Zoho CRM. | [optional] 
**primary_contactperson_id** | **str** | Unique Id of primary contact person. This ID will refer to contactperson_id for this customer. | [optional] 
**can_add_card** | **bool** | Set to true if card can be associated. | [optional] 
**can_add_bank_account** | **bool** | Set to true if bank account can be associated. | [optional] 
**default_templates** | [**CustomerResponseDefaultTemplates**](CustomerResponseDefaultTemplates.md) |  | [optional] 
**documents** | [**List[CustomerResponseDocumentsInner]**](CustomerResponseDocumentsInner.md) | List of files attached to a particular customer. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from ls_zoho_billing_customers.models.customer_response import CustomerResponse

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of CustomerResponse from a JSON string
customer_response_instance = CustomerResponse.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(CustomerResponse.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
customer_response_dict = customer_response_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of CustomerResponse from a dict
customer_response_from_dict = CustomerResponse.from_dict(customer_response_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


