# DataSubscriptionPlan

Plan object for which the subscription is to be created/updated. This contains <code>plan_code</code>, <code>name</code>, <code>price</code>, <code>exclude_setup_fee</code>, <code>quantity</code>, <code>exclude_setup_fee</code>, <code>exclude_trial</code>, <code>billing_cycles</code> and <code>trial_days</code>.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**plan_code** | **str** | Plan code of the plan that is to be subscribed to the customer. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Name generated by concatenation of the product name and the selected plan. | [optional] 
**quantity** | **int** | Required quantity of the chosen plan. | [optional] 
**price** | **float** | Price of a plan for a particular subscription. If a value is provided here, the plan’s price for this subscription will be changed to the given value. If no value is provided, the plan’s price would be the same as what it was when it was created. | [optional] 
**discount** | **float** | Discount amount applied for the plan. | [optional] 
**total** | **float** | Total amount for the plan. | [optional] 
**setup_fee** | **float** | Setup fee for the plan. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | Description of the plan exclusive to this subscription. This will be displayed in place of the plan name in invoices generated for this subscription. | [optional] 
**tax_id** | **str** | Unique ID of the tax or tax group that can be collected from the contact. Tax can be given only if &lt;code&gt;is_taxable&lt;/code&gt; is &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**exclude_trial** | **bool** | This is set to true if the respective plan&#39;s trial period needs to be excluded for this subscription. | [optional] 
**exclude_setup_fee** | **bool** | This is set to true if the respective plan&#39;s setup fee needs to be excluded for this subscription. | [optional] 
**trial_days** | **int** | Number of free trial days granted to a customer subscribed to this plan. Trial days for the subscription mentioned here will override the number of trial days provided at the time plan creation. This will be applicable even if exclude_trial&#x3D;true. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from ls_zoho_billing_hosted_pages.models.data_subscription_plan import DataSubscriptionPlan

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of DataSubscriptionPlan from a JSON string
data_subscription_plan_instance = DataSubscriptionPlan.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(DataSubscriptionPlan.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
data_subscription_plan_dict = data_subscription_plan_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of DataSubscriptionPlan from a dict
data_subscription_plan_from_dict = DataSubscriptionPlan.from_dict(data_subscription_plan_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


