# RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscription

details about the subscription

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**subscription_id** | **str** | Unique ID generated for a subscription. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Name generated by concatenation of the product name and the selected plan. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | Status of the hosted page generated. This can be &lt;code&gt;fresh&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;read&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;success&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;failed&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;cancelled&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;force_cancelled&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**amount** | **float** | The amount that needs to be charged for the subscription. | [optional] 
**created_at** | **str** | Date at which the subscription was created. | [optional] 
**current_term_starts_at** | **str** | Date on which the current term of the subscription started. | [optional] 
**current_term_ends_at** | **str** | Date on which the current term of the subscription ends. | [optional] 
**next_billing_at** | **str** | The date on which the customer will be billed next. This will also be the date on which the next term of the subscription starts. | [optional] 
**expires_at** | **str** | This is applicable only when &lt;code&gt;billing_cycle&lt;/code&gt; is set for a plan. A subscription expires on the last day of the last billing cycle. | [optional] 
**interval** | **str** | Indicates the number of intervals between each billing. If interval&#x3D;2, the customer would be billed every two months or years depending on the value for interval_unit. | [optional] 
**interval_unit** | **str** | It can be either &lt;code&gt;months&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;years&lt;/code&gt;. For interval&#x3D;2 and interval_unit&#x3D;months, the customer is billed every two months. | [optional] 
**created_time** | **str** | The time at which the hosted page was created. | [optional] 
**updated_time** | **str** | Time at which the subscription details were last updated. | [optional] 
**reference_id** | **str** | A string of your choice is required to easily identify and keep track of your subscriptions. | [optional] 
**salesperson_id** | **str** | Unique Id of the sales person assigned for the subscription. | [optional] 
**salesperson_name** | **str** | Name of tha sales person assigned for the subscription. | [optional] 
**child_invoice_id** | **str** | Invoice ID of the most recent invoice to which the subscription is associated with. | [optional] 
**pricebook_id** | **str** | Unique ID of of pricebook. | [optional] 
**currency_code** | **str** | Currency code of the currency in which the customer wants to pay. If &lt;code&gt;currency_code&lt;/code&gt; is not specified here, the currency chosen in your Zoho Billing organization will be used for billing. &lt;code&gt;currency_id&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;currency_symbol&lt;/code&gt; are set automatically in accordance to the currency_code. | [optional] 
**currency_symbol** | **str** | Currency symbol of the customer&#39;s currency. | [optional] 
**end_of_term** | **bool** | If there are any changes in the plan&#39;s subscriptions, those subscription changes can be made immediately if &lt;code&gt;end_of_term&lt;/code&gt; is set to false. If &lt;code&gt;end_of_term&lt;/code&gt; is set to true, the subscription changes take effect only after the current term of the subscription ends. | [optional] 
**product_id** | **str** | Product ID of the product to which the plan is associated with. | [optional] 
**product_name** | **str** | Name of the product which the plan belongs to. | [optional] 
**plan** | [**RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscriptionPlan**](RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscriptionPlan.md) |  | [optional] 
**addons** | [**List[RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscriptionAddonsInner]**](RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscriptionAddonsInner.md) | List of addon objects which are to be included in the subscription. Each object contains &lt;code&gt;addon_code&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;name&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;price&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;quantity&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**taxes** | **List[str]** | Details of the taxes associated with the subscription. | [optional] 
**coupon** | [**DataSubscriptionCoupon**](DataSubscriptionCoupon.md) |  | [optional] 
**card** | [**DataSubscriptionCard**](DataSubscriptionCard.md) |  | [optional] 
**payment_terms** | **int** | Payment Due details for the invoices. | [optional] 
**payment_terms_label** | **str** | Label for the paymet due details. | [optional] 
**can_add_bank_account** | **bool** | Set to true if Bank account can be added for the customer to perform ACH transactions. | [optional] 
**customer** | [**RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscriptionCustomer**](RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscriptionCustomer.md) |  | [optional] 
**custom_fields** | [**List[DataSubscriptionCustomFieldsInner]**](DataSubscriptionCustomFieldsInner.md) | Additional fields for the Hosted pages. | [optional] 
**contactpersons** | [**List[DataSubscriptionContactpersonsInner]**](DataSubscriptionContactpersonsInner.md) | List of contact person objects. Each object contains &lt;code&gt;contactperson_id&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;email&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] 
**notes** | [**List[DataSubscriptionNotesInner]**](DataSubscriptionNotesInner.md) | List of objects containing &lt;code&gt;note_id&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;description&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;commented_by&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;commented_time&lt;/code&gt; | [optional] 
**payment_gateways** | [**List[PaymentGatewaysInner]**](PaymentGatewaysInner.md) | List of payment gateways configured for the customer. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from ls_zoho_billing_hosted_pages.models.retrieve_a_hosted_page_response_data_subscription import RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscription

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscription from a JSON string
retrieve_a_hosted_page_response_data_subscription_instance = RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscription.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscription.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
retrieve_a_hosted_page_response_data_subscription_dict = retrieve_a_hosted_page_response_data_subscription_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscription from a dict
retrieve_a_hosted_page_response_data_subscription_from_dict = RetrieveAHostedPageResponseDataSubscription.from_dict(retrieve_a_hosted_page_response_data_subscription_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


